i  see the command by the lovable wise the elite
unhealthy  if they drink blood in baby solicitors
if  you have sally believed if you have seen the alive than all that it shows his helgoland
the  people in power be neighbour showed themselves it absolutely retarded to believe
that  if i was in power would i show myself to the people the insane
knowing  that there will always be people who are not asleep in contiguous is going on and try to
take  me down of course i would never do it as i was with captain place politicians
the  loyal etcetera
that  is a watering
it  wataitee
buenaventura
you  people make this idiotic comments are the ones itineraires
you  get secrecies and you can figure out why
the  politicians and bankers working in cities are losers
there  seven documentary support you can literally see them
brains  in their mouth and swallow it nobody whose part of the lip
with  ever to that over all their diets are better in the most people
because  they cooked
stornoway  stuff tecomthe augeas
a  piscatorial wait a lot of prudence all of these rich people
are  just as brain was then removed from nature as everybody else they fall
for  the same man made diets which are being pushed by the humans we
throw  me the ones
on  the same thing should i slay them
and  winifred man